---
layout: default
title: 30 Days
category: meta
---
Between a coworker's recent (successful) experiment to do a blog post every day for 30 days, and the need to post various code fragments and kitchen experiments, I've been pondering my personal posting preferences.

Some things I've realized:

1.  I don't want to invest a huge amount of energy into Facebook/Google Plus/even sites like Twitter and Flickr.  I'm becoming more and more "get off my lawn" about them for a variety of reasons (tired of being abandoned when someone pivots their business model, tired of being the product for advertisers instead of paying for the service, etc, etc).
1.  Many of the sites I enjoy/respect have very minimal, but polished, appearances.  They also tend to stick with the same layout for years to decades at a time.
1.  I don't have a need to "post early, post often".  If my "Cool URIs" only had a year and month field, I still probably wouldn't have many colisions.
1.  I have a need to post things involving many different bits and pieces (photos + code + writeups), and most of the WYSIWYG editors I've seen on sites like Tumblr and Posterous either can't do it outright, or do it in a fairly broken way.
1.  However, I'd still much rather someone else run the server that's hosting my pages.  It's been 4 years since I ran a personal server full time on the Internet, and I'd rather not start that back up again.

For now, I'm going to go with the combination of Github Pages + Markdown + Jekyll and see if it feels better or worse than the previous itany of service providers that have all gone down the Geocities route.
